OSDOCS-17406 4.22: Installation docs updates (#112061)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-minimum-resource-requirements.adoc

--
[NOTE]
====

> For {product-title} version 4.22, RHCOS is based on RHEL version 9.8, which has the micro-architecture requirements. The following list contains the minimum instruction set architectures (ISA) that each architecture requires:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {product-title} version 4.22, {op-system} is based on {op-system-base} version 9.8, which has the micro-architecture requirements. The following list contains the minimum instruction set architectures (ISA) that each architecture requires:
```

> For {product-title} version 4.22, RHCOS is based on RHEL version 9.8, which updates the micro-architecture requirements. The following list contains the minimum instruction set architectures (ISA) that each architecture requires:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For {product-title} version 4.22, RHCOS is based on RHEL version 9.8, which has the micro-architecture requirements. The following list contains the minimum instruction set architectures (ISA) that each architecture requires:
```
